Syrus: AAH!
YOU DID WHAT?!
SO THEN WHERE
AM I GONNA SLEEP?!
Jaden: I'M SORRY!
I GUESS IN ALL
THE EXCITEMENT
I...DIDN'T THINK
ABOUT THAT.
EXCITEMENT?!
YOU TRADED MY BED
FOR A CARD!
[WHIMPERING]
BUT I GOT IT FOR YOU!
ISN'T YOUR BIRTHDAY
NEXT WEEK?
IT WAS LAST TUESDAY!
AND I'M SURPRISED
I MADE IT
WITH EVERYTHING
YOU'VE PUT ME
THROUGH THIS YEAR!
I MIGHT NEED
A...NEW ROOMMATE!
DON'T SAY THAT!
I'M REALLY SORRY SYRUS!
I PROMISE I'LL BE THE BEST
ROOMMATE FROM NOW ON!
Chazz: WHAT'S THIS?
TROUBLE IN PARADISE?
HEY! IT'S PRIVATE!
COME ON, IT'S JUST CHAZZ!
WE SHARE EVERYTHING,
YOU KNOW, LIKE DESSERT!
YEAH RIGHT,
SLIFER SLACKER!
KEEP DREAMING!
OK. THEN CAN
I HAVE YOUR
CORN DOGS, TOO?
AND YOUR
MASHED POTATOES?
HOW ABOUT ASKING FOR A BED
WHILE YOU'RE AT IT?!
Chumley: GUYS?!
ANYONE ORDER A SUB?
CUZ THERE'S ONE
PARKED OUTSIDE!
HUH?
SAY WHAT?!
♪ CHILLIN' OUT WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER WORKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW, LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX, GENERATION X ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THE FIGHT ♪
SOMEHOW, YEAH! ♪
♪ LET'S GO, GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
AVAST, YE LANDLUBBERS!
I BE THE ADMIRAL!
[FEEDBACK]
WHO IS HE?!
LIKE A...PIRATE OR SUMTHIN'?!
YE SCALLYWAGS NEVER
LAID YER EARS
ON THE TALES
OF THE ADMIRAL?!
SCOURGE O'
THE SEVEN SEAS?!
Alexis: UH, YEAH.
I'M THINKING
HE'S A PIRATE.
I SET SAIL TO CHALLENGE
ONE OF YE...
TO A DUEL!
[ALL GROANING]
THE BILGE RAT,
KNOWN AS JADEN YUKI!
Chazz: IS HE...
A SHADOW RIDER!
SHOW YERSELF, JADEN!
WHERE YE BE?!
YE BE HERE!
AND AREN'T
YOU JUST
A LITTLE OLD
TO BE PLAYING
DRESS UP?!
WHY I'LL KEELHAUL
YAR POOPDECK!
AT ARMS YE SCURVY DOG...
WE BE DUELING!
GET YAAAAARRRRRRR...
GAME ON!
NOW?!
NO, NEXT WEEK.
THIS SHOULD
BE GOOD!
UH...
Admiral: LET'S GO
YA DRIVELSWIGGER!
YE BEST COME ABOARD!
IF NOT, I BE TYING
YOUR MATES TO THE YARD ARM
FER DAVY JONES!
[GROWLING, GRUNTING]
Alexis: JADEN, HOLD UP!
IF THIS IS A SHADOW GAME,
NO WAY WE'RE LETTING YOU
GO ALL ALONE!
I'M COMING WITH.
I DUNNO,
SYRUS HAD A POINT...
IN ALL MY DUELS LATELY...
MY FRIENDS ALWAYS
END UP IN DANGER.
JADEN.
WE'RE IN THIS TOGETHER.
RIGHT!
I'M WITH YOU TOO!
HA. JUST WISH
I HAD A PARROT.
OR AN EYE PATCH.
THAT SETTLES IT!
WELL...
[FEEDBACK]
[ALL GROANING]
AAAARRR!
I'LL SCUTTLE THE LIKES
OF YA,
LESS'N YE COME ABOARD!
SO, SYRUS?
ARE YOU GONNA COME?
Chumley: HOW
'BOUT IT, SY?
[SIGHING]
HMM.
HIGH TECH, FOR A PIRATE!
I'M BEGINNING TO THINK
THIS "ADMIRAL"
IS LESS BUCCANEER,
AND MORE FINANCIER!
HOW ELSE COULD HE AFFORD
A SUBMARINE OR A...
SUBMERGED DUEL ARENA?!
[CHAZZ AND BASTION GASP]
WHOA!
CHECK THIS OUT!
TALK 'BOUT SHIVER ME TIMBERS!
AAAARR! 'TIS BE
A FINE SHIP!
BUT NOW LET'S
WEIGH ANCHOR
AND DUEL
YA FILTHY
POWDER MONKEY!
WISH YUR MATES FAREWELL...
YOU AIN'T BE SEEIN' THEM AGAIN!
HA HA HA HA!
WHAT ARE YOU
WAITIN' FOR ADMIRAL,
WE GONNA DUEL...
OR WALK THE PLANK?
Chazz: WALK
THE PLANK
ON A SUBMARINE?
HOW 'BOUT OPEN
THE WINDOW, TOO?
Bastion: HOW ABOUT
HE START TO CONCENTRATE.
THAT ADMIRAL'S
RARING TO GO.
AT ARMS!
YE GROG-SNARFIN' SWINE!
SURE! WHATEVER
THAT MEANS!
Both: DUEL!
RRRRRRRRR...
"R" THIS! HA!
I SUMMON...ELEMENTAL
HERO WILDHEART
IN DEFENSE MODE!
[GRUNTING]
SHOULDA GUESSED YOU'D
TURN OFF ALL THE LIGHTS!
IT IS A SHADOW GAME.
A SHADOW GAME?!
WHAT'S IT FOR,
MY SOUL, MY KEY?
WHAT YE BE SPEAKIN'?
YA YELLOW
LILY-LIVERED SWABBIE!
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN!
WHAT'S YOUR
"SHADOW SHAM" GONNA BE?
ARE "YE" GONNA
TURN ME INTO A DOLL?
OR MAYBE SUCK ME
INTO SOME MAGIC CARD!
WHAT? I MEAN,
WHAT YER TONGUE
BE SPOUTIN'?
SHADOW GAME? REMEMBER?!
'TIS NO SHADOW GAME!
BUT WHAT ABOUT MY KEY?!
KEY? WHAT KEY?!
THE KEY THAT--
WAIT A SEC...
OK...
YOU ARE TRYING TO UNLOCK
THE SPIRIT GATES...
RIGHT?
AREN'T YOU?
WHY YE, SCRAPPY SWINE!
I NO...SHADOW RIDER!
AND I'LL PROVE IT!
BRING A SPRING
UPON 'ER CABLE
AND LET'S CAREEN
THIS LADY SKY BOUND!
Chazz: I THINK...
I'M GONNA BE SICK...
THIS GUY SURE KNOWS
HIS SAILING!
GUESS HE'S REALLY NOT
A SHADOW RIDER!
WAIT! IF THIS ISN'T
A SHADOW GAME...
HOW DID HE SHROUD
THE DUEL ARENA IN DARKNESS?
WOULD SOMEONE CARE TO...
EXPLAIN THAT?!
SIR WE'VE
FIXED THE LIGHTS
IN THE ARENA!
[ALL MOANING]
SEE ME MATE?
I'M AN OCEAN RIDER!
NOT SOME SON OF
A SPROG SHADOW RIDER!
HEY, WHATEVER
YOU SAY, CAPPY.
I BE AN ADMIRAL!
AND NOW,
LET'S DUEL!
SURE...IF THAT'S
AN ORDER, ADMIRAL.
YE WELL KNOW IT WAS!
AND NOW, PREPAAAAR
TO TASTE THE BRINY DEEP,
WIT' DIS!
A LEGENDARY OCEAN!
AAH! I CAN'T BREATHE!
JADEN!
YOU DO REALIZE THAT
YOU'RE NOT DROWNING.
IT'S JUST A HOLOGRAM!
HA HA! OH YEAH!
MAYBE THEY'LL THROW IN
SOME HOLOGRAPHIC
LOBSTERS FOR LUNCH!
WILL YE THINK IT BE
A GRAND LAUGH...
WHEN ME SEA MONSTERS
RIP YE
LIMB FROM LIMB, MATEY!
WHAT?
THE OCEAN CARD!
THAT FIELD SPELL REDUCES
THE SUMMONING LEVEL
OF ALL WATER
ATTRIBUTE MONSTERS!
Admiral: THAT'S RIGHT--
MEANING I CAN PLAY
ORCA MEGA-FORTRESS OF DARKNESS
WITHOUT A SACRIFICE!
AND I BE DOIN' JUST THAT!
BUT DON'T YE BE FORGETTIN',
ME SEA MONSTERS
ALSO BE GETTIN'
AN EXTRA BOUNTY OF 200 POINTS
FOR ATTACKIN' OR DEFENDIN'!
'N' NOW, ME ORCA
MEGA-FORTRESS...
SCUTTLE WILDHEART!
[GRUNTING]
THAT MEANS "ATTACK"
YA SWAB!
UHH!
[JADEN GROANING]
I BE EXPECTING
MORE FROM YOU JADEN!
HUH?
IT BE TRUE.
I KNOW WHO YE BE...
YER DECK...
YER VICTORIES...
OH, YES...
I'VE STUDIED
YOU LIKE A MAP!
A MAP WITH
A HANDSOME TREASURE!
WHICH IS WHY...
I CAME TA FIND YE!
OH, AND I LAYS
A FACEDOWN.
ME?! WHY?
AND WHILE YOU THINK
ABOUT THAT,
I SUMMON
ELEMENTAL HERO AVIAN
IN DEFENSE MODE!
AND I'LL BE THROWIN'
DOWN A FACEDOWN.
SO...WHAT'S SO
IMPORTANT ABOUT ME?
HMM? WHY'D YOU GO
TO ALL THIS TROUBLE?
WELL LAD, LISTEN:
THE ADMIRAL'S
TO BE BUILDIN'
A NEW DUEL ACADEMY
AT THE BOTTOM OF
THE BRINY DEEP,
WHA'YA THINK?
WELL, UH...
BUT THAR BE A HITCH!
ME STILL NEEDS
A FIRST MATE.
A MATE, WHO BE GRAND!
A MATE LIKE YE!
AND YOU'LL HELP ME
RUN IT, YA SWAB!
ME?!
NOT JADEN!
HE CAN'T LEAVE US!
WHY NOT?
IT IS
AN AMAZING OPPORTUNITY.
GOOD. MAYBE NOW
I'LL GET A NEW ROOM!
JADEN...
YE BE THE FINEST DUELIST
ON THE SEVEN SEAS.
I WANT YE TO TEACH WITH ME--
YOU'D BE GREAT.
IT'S TRUE...
I MEAN, I HAVE
TAUGHT CHAZZ
A FEW THINGS.
[GRUNTING]
THEN YOU'RE IN!
WELCOME ABOARD!
[GASP]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
I WAS...JOKING.
WERE YE?
WELL THEN WHAT SAY YE
TO A FRIENDLY WAGER
'TWEEN MATES?
HMM.
JADEN.
IT'S A TRAP.
WHO CARES.
GOOD RIDDANCE.
FORGET IT!
I AIN'T BE ASKIN' YE,
I BE TELLING!
THE DUEL HAS BEGUN AND THEM
WAGES BE BACKED BY BONE!
IF YE WIN...
I BE LETTIN' YE
AND YE MATES GO FREE...
BUT IF NOT, YE LEAVE
DUEL ACADEMY AND JOIN ME!
WHAT?!
[ALL GASP]
[LAUGHS]
MY TURN...AND I PLAY...
ME FACEDOWN CARD:
A TRAP, KNOWN...
AS CURSED WATERS
LEVEL 3!
WICKED NAME, BUT
WHAT DOES IT DO?!
IT BE LETTIN' ME SUMMON
MONSTERS FROM THE DEEP
WHOSE LEVELS TOTAL 3!
AND ME...BE SUMMONING
TORPEDO FISH
AND CANNONBALL
SPEAR SHELLFISH!
BRILLIANT!
NORMALLY THE LEVELS
OF THOSE TWO MONSTERS
WOULD COMBINE FOR
A TOTAL OF 5...
BUT NOT SO!
THANKS TO THE CARD:
A LEGENDARY OCEAN...
BOTH OF THEIR LEVELS
DECREASE BY ONE,
RESULTING IN
A TOTAL OF 3!
CLEVER!
AND NOW...
I BE ACTIVATIN'
THE SPECIAL ABILITY
OF THE FIERCE ORCA
OF DARKNESS...
BY SENDIN'
ONE OF ME BEASTS
TO DAVY JONES'!
SO MEES CAN SCUTTLE
YUR FACEDOWN!
OHH!
OHH! UHH!
THAR BE MORE!
I BE BIDDIN' ADIEU
TO ME FISH,
TO MAKE YOUR
GREEN FEATHERED FELLOW
WALK THE MUTINOUS PLANK!
OHH.
UHH! OHH!
HAR HAR HAR!
NOW ME ORCA HAS A CLEAR
LINE O' SIGHT!
FIRE!
[GROANING]
[ALEXIS AND CHAZZ GASP]
OH, NO!
[GRUNTING]
NOT BAD!
HAVEN'T GOTTEN THAT WET SINCE
THE WALRUS SHOW AT SEA LAND!
'TIS NO THEME PARK!
IT COULD BE!
YOU JUST NEED
SOME RIDES!
HA!
MAYBE...SOMETHIN'
LIKE THIS!
JUS' WATCH
AS POLYMERIZATION
TAKES CLAYMAN
AND SPARKMAN FOR
A SPIN TO MAKE...
ELEMENTAL HERO
THUNDER GIANT!
IS THAT THE BEST
THAT YE GOT, MATE?
AARR! EVEN IF THAR
YELLOW-BELLIED GIZZARD
KEELHAULS ME ORCA...
ME ONLY TAKE A MERE
100 POINTS O' DAMAGE
YA SALTY SWAB!
YA MISSED
THE BOAT, ADMIRAL!
LET ME FILL YA IN!
WHEN I SUMMON
MY THUNDER GIANT
HE AUTOMATICALLY
DESTROYS ONE MONSTER
WITH LESS
ATTACK POINTS
THAN HE HAS!
HOW THAT BE?
I READ THE CARD!
AAARR.
NOW, THUNDER GIANT!
LET'S REEL
THAT WHALE IN!
STATIC BLAST!
[WHIMPERING]
ARRR!
HUH?
WELL, THAT'S WHY
THEY'RE ENDANGERED.
AND NOW THUNDER GIANT
ATTACKS YOU DIRECTLY!
VOLTIC THUNDER!
SHIVER ME TIMBERS!
[GROAN]
AND I'LL THROWDOWN
A COUPLA FACEDOWNS!
IT'S YOUR MOVE!
AAAARR!
PERCHANCE A DEAL!
[GRUNTING]
WE MAROON THIS DUEL
HERE AND NOW
AND YOU COME WORK FER ME
FER A THOUSAND DOUBLOONS!
HOW MUCH?!
Bastion: THAT'S OVER
A MILLION DOLLARS!
THAT IS A LOT OF BOOTY.
I BEG YOUR PARDON?
AHOY!
WHAT SAY YE JADEN?
DO YOU WANT TO BE RICH?
NOPE.
[ALL GROANING]
DON'T YOU GET IT?!
I DON'T CARE
ABOUT THE MONEY!
OH NO?
BUT WHAT HAVE YE?
BACK AT DUEL ACADEMY,
M'SWAB?
YUR MATE SYRUS
DOESN'T WANT YE.
OH, WOW.
THE ADMIRAL...
DID HIS HOMEWORK!
SYRUS?
WHAT HAPPENED?
FROM WHAT I GATHERED...
HE AND JADEN...
HAD A BIT OF A FALLING OUT
WHICH IS WHY SYRUS
DIDN'T COME WITH US.
MULL IT OV'R
WHILST WE DUEL.
BUT REMEMBER, IF I WIN...
YOU BE MINE...
EITHER WAY!
'N' NOW...
ME PLAY THIS:
A SHALLOW GRAVE!
HERE'S HOW THE CARD WORKS:
WE SEARCH OUR GRAVEYARDS,
AND FIND A BEAST WE WANT,
THEN SUMMON IT
IN DEFENSE MODE.
[GROANS]
THINK I'LL...
BE CHOOSIN' THE TERROR
OF THE SEVEN SEAS:
THE ORCA MEGA-FORTRESS
OF DARKNESS!
AND I'LL
BRING BACK CLAYMAN!
HMM.
BUT!...
HUH?
BEFORE YUR THUNDER GIANT,
MAKES QUICK WORK
O' ME ORCA,
WILL I BE TELLIN' YA
THAT HE'S JUST A SACRIFICE!
SO HOLD ON TO
YOUR BRITCHES,
FOR THAR BE
ANOTHER MONSTER...
UH-OH!
AND HE BE CALLED:
LEVIA-DRAGON--DAEDALUS!
WHOA. NICE FISH.
DOES HE BITE?
YE BEST BE WORRIED
'BOUT HIS SPECIAL ABILITY!
BY SENDING ME LEGENDARY OCEAN
TO THE GRAVEYARD...
THE WHOLE LOT O' CARDS
ON THIS HERE FIELD O' WAR...
MEET A DASTARDLY END!
BEFORE IT'S
TOO LATE,
I'LL USE EMERGENCY
PROVISIONS!
I JUST KICK A TRAP
OR SPELL CARD
OVER TO
THE GRAVEYARD
AND MY
LIFE POINTS...GET...
A BIG
ONE-TRIPLE-ZERO!
'TIS OF NO MATTER!
'CAUSE YUR CARDS ARE GOIN'
THE WAY OF DAVY JONES!
[SCREAMING
INDISTINCTLY]
RAMPARTS BE DOWN.
FIRE ALL FORWARD BATTERIES!
IN OTHER WORDS...ATTACK!
[GROANING]
THAR HE GOES!
HE'S DONE.
JADEN!
[GASP]
Admiral: YE BE
MY TREASURE NOW!
YAR BE FINISHED!
'TAINT NOTHIN' YE CAN DO
TO STOP ME MONSTER!
WELL, WE'LL JUST
SEE ABOUT THAT!
I STILL GOT ONE DRAW
LEFT...MATE.
IT'S ALL OR NOTHIN'!
HA. HERE WE GO! HA!
ALL RIGHT, AND I...
YOU WHAT?
WHAT IS IT?!
PRESSURE'S TOO MUCH!
[RRRRR]
I SPECIAL SUMMON...
ELEMENTAL HERO
BUBBLEMAN!
[GRUNTING]
WHAT BE SO SPECIAL?
I'LL TELL YA!
BUBBLEMAN HATES
BEIN' ALONE
SO WHEN HE'S
THE LAST CARD
IN MY HAND
I GET TO SPECIAL
SUMMON HIM
AUTOMATICALLY!
AND IF HE'S THE ONLY
CARD ON THE FIELD
WHEN HE MAKES
HIS BIG APPEARANCE,
I GET TO DRAW
TWO MORE CARDS
FROM MY DECK!
BLAST!
OH, AND ADMIRAL...
I'M NOT DONE YET!
I NOW ACTIVATE
POT OF GREED!
THAT GIVES ME
TWO MORE CARDS!
YE SWINE!
THEN I'LL PLAY
THIS GUY.
THE WARRIOR
RETURNING ALIVE
BRINGS BACK
ONE WARRIOR MONSTER
FROM...MY GRAVEYARD!
I BE HORNSWAGGLED!
WELCOME BACK,
SPARKMAN!
[GROWLING]
AAAARRRRR...
THERE'S MORE!
I PLAY: THE SPELL
METAMORPHOSIS!
ALL I GOTTA DO
IS SACRIFICE
ONE OF
MY MONSTERS...
AND I GET TO SUMMON
A FUSION MONSTER
OF THE SAME LEVEL!
SAY HELLO TO...
ELEMENTAL HERO
NEO BUBBLEMAN!
THEN I'LL PLAY THIS:
THE EQUIPT SPELL
BUBBLE BLASTER!
FOR A SWEET BONUS OF
800 ATTACK POINTS!
NEO,
TURN THAT FISH
INTO
A SUSHI SPECIAL!
BUBBLE SLAMMING
STREAM!
[ROARING]
AAAARRR?
AAAARRR-HAR-HAR-HAR!
YE DAFT?
ME SEA MONSTER
HAS MORE POINTS
THAN YUR BUBBLE BOY!
TRY AGAIN YE SALTY SWAB!
WELL, OK, IF YOU
REALLY INSIST!
WHAT?
OH YEAH!
JUST CHECK IT,
ADMIRAL!
BY SACRIFICIN'
MY BUBBLE BLASTER,
I REDUCE YOUR DAMAGE
TO ZERO!
AND NEO BUBBLEMAN
HAS A SURPRISE
OF HIS OWN!
SEE, AFTER DAMAGE
IS DEALT...
YOUR DRAGON...
GOES BOOM!
AAAAARRRRR?!
OH YEAH!
SWEET EFFECT!
DONTCHA THINK?
ARRR!
AND ADMIRAL?
ARR?
YOU HAVEN'T
FORGOTTEN ABOUT MY
SPARKMAN HAVE YOU?
AAARRR!
SPARKMAN,
SHIVER HIS TIMBERS!
STATIC SHOCKWAVE!
AAAH! OW!
THAT'S GAME!
[GRUNTING]
YAAAR. I MIGHT HAVE BEEN
BESTED IN THIS HERE DUEL,
BUT THAR BE
ANOTHER WAY TO CATCH
THIS WILY FISH JADEN.
Jaden: WHAT DO YOU
MEAN LEFT?
Admiral: THEY TOOK
THE FIRST AND ONLY
DINGHY HOME.
SO I'M STUCK?!
YAR. I FEAR IT BE TRUE.
BUT...
SEE FOR YOURSELF.
HIGH-DEF VIDEO
TELL NO TALL TALE.
[GULP] SO WHAT NOW?
UH, ADMIRAL.
NOW YE BEGIN
YUR NEW LIFE
UNDER THE SEA, JADEN.
SHEETS TO THE WIND!
WE BE MAKIN' WAY TO ME
FIRST MATE'S NEW HOME!
JADEN.
[SIGH] HE'S
STILL WAITING.
IT'S BEEN
A WHOLE WEEK
SINCE JADEN LEFT.
SYRUS.
WHAT'S THAT?
I THINK I HEAR A BOAT
THAT'S COMING THIS WAY!
NO.
I GUESS THAT...
JAY'S MADE BETTER FRIENDS.
FOUND HIMSELF A NEW CREW.
SY...IT'S TOUGH.
I'M AS UPSET AS YOU ARE--
BUT THE ADMIRAL SAID THAT
JADEN WANTED TO STAY.
I GUESS FOR THE MONEY.
WAIT! YOU HEAR THAT?
[MOTOR RUNNING]
HUH?
Jaden: SYRUS!
JADEN?! AAH!
AHOY!
I ESCAPED, SY!
HE TRAPPED ME...
BUT I BROKE OUT OF THERE
FOR YOU, SWABBY!
UH...IN ONE PIECE HOPEFULLY...
UH-OH...THIS DOESN'T LOOK GOOD.
I'M COMING! JADEN!
I'LL SAVE YOU!
CAN HE...?
SWIM?...
HUH?
JADEN!
I'M SORRY!
I WANT YOU TO BE
MY SHIPMATE! UHH!
REALLY?
THAT'S GOOD TO KNOW.
BECAUSE THAT WEIRD
ADMIRAL GUY?
COULDN'T UNDERSTAND
A WORD HE SAID!
SO...WE'RE COOL?
OF COURSE!
BUT SY, WHEN DID YOU
LEARN HOW TO SWIM?
HUH? I DIDN'T!
[GURGLING]
SYRUS! GRAB ME!
ONLY IF YOU PROMISE
TO GET ME A NEW BED!
WELL...AAH!
[SPLASH]
HOW 'BOUT IT?
OK...BUT DEFINITELY
NOT A WATER BED.
OHH!